# SWAG Minutes - Mon 16 September 2024

Present: will, dan, okiki, randall, thomas, aaron

## Open Issues

* [Work item: come up with a set of security criteria for packages](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/1)

* [Security Features List](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/2)

Dan: please leave comments on the issue...

Will: One thing I'm thinking about doing on MDN is collecting things related to authentication under "Authentication"...  

Dan: should we focus on "baseline" issues here?  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/blog/baseline-unified-view-stable-web-features/

* [How can we help CSP gain more adoption with Web Developers](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/issues/3)

Will: half way through re-writing the CSP guide... and will send for feedback when that happens...

* [Introduce jsr.io to SWAG discussions](https://github.com/w3c-cg/swa/issues/4)

Okiki: I reached out to - Deno team - they are trying to split apart - so JSR can stand on its own... JSR is supposed to be a superset of what NPM currently is ... with goal of having support for multiple run-times... gives points or deducts points for various aspects... e.g. specifying runtimes... as a developer looking for a package, you get to see from the score how high quality the package is... If we could include security as part of the JSR score it would make ti super easy for developers.. I think JSR team could allow us to test this out on a small scale.


## TPAC session

Will: added a session here: https://github.com/w3c/tpac2024-breakouts/issues/96

Dan: we can talk through the feedback we received on the next SWAG call.

## Privacy Principles

Dan: we're putting https://www.w3.org/TR/privacy-principles/ forward for w3c Statement. Many of these principles are applicable to web developers. Some are also overlapping with Security.

## Producing a Report 

Dan: i think we should build somnehting akin to the https://best.openssf.org/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software concise guide as an output for our group

Aaron: timeline?

Dan: end of the year?

Will: how would this relate ...  idea would be "101" on MDN...  

Dan: I think it could be the basis for both...

Will: might have relations to MDN observeratory... Mozilla relaunched the observeratory .. that service sends users to find more info if it finds an issue... Sort of the same thing.

Dan: will make sure it gets published in as permissive a license as possible.

Will: we should have items that are actionable... For example, item 24 in OpemSSF list is "continuously approve" - so everything we list should be actionable.

Dan: Yes - we should have "actionable"... Also listing process improvements separately from actionable items...

Dan: I will create a stub document...

## Cancel next week's call due to TPAC



