# SWAG - Mon 17 February 2025

Present: Aaron, Simone, Simon, Lola, Dan
Regrets: Will

## Threat Modeling work in SING

Simone: will be starting a deliverable of the Security interest group around threat modeling - i will be asking everyone in this group for feedback on this.  

... not a lot RFC 3552.

RFC-3552 - explains how to write security consierations...

people often don't follow this approach.  They might need more guidance...

Lola: what other group will you reac out to?

Simone: other working groups ... e.g. verifiable credentials working group .. other discussions ... developers of vibration API... also fedID working group.  A work in progress.

Lola: It would be worth also speaking to the WebDX group ... developer documentation ... e.g. MDN work ... but also surveys ... e.g. HTML, CSS, JS surveys... I can bring it up on our next meeting on Thursday.

Dan: also please engage with the TAG

## Libraries Document

Aaron: how do we want to link out to external resources?  We could link to technical blog posts... compability with trusted types... resources other than MDN... 

Dan: somewhat concerned about fragility of URLs... but wouldn't rule it out .. needs to be evaluated on a case-by-case... 

Aaron: e.g. google bughunters blog... 

Dan: we need balance... 

Aaron: for instance with publication of videos for call in November .. is that something we should be linking to and mentioning in posts on google engineering blog. 

Dan: +1

Simone: +1 - also one of my tasks is to publish the blog post and I will do that this week.

## SOSS community day

Dan: I will make a talk proposal for SOSS community day NA in late June. That means this time frame could be a good "milestone" to shoot for - for having relatively done versions of these documents.

## Social media presence

Aaron: should we have a branded social media presence ... 

Dan: *takes action to talk to powers that be about putting out a note on W3C Devs social media channels*

